China is consistently being used as the
success story for the financial world it
is often reported that China will have
Perpetual growth and that there can be
no conclusion to an Ever growing economy
when there are problems have no fear
because Superman will always be there to
save those in need right well you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to look at
China I want to first get into the fact
that I understand that China is growing
faster than most economies in the world
particularly in the west but you have to
remember that they've slowed down
considerably and then you understand on
top of that that they're they are
engaging in the most massive Public
Works projects that have ever been
created in the history of the world and
you have to look at this all and break
it down for what it is I do believe that
China will be growing for years um into
the future but there will be setbacks
along the way that's something that we
very much we need to come to terms with
in my book I talk about the success
story of China so I'm not against it
let's be very clear here so I wanted to
look at this here Rising defaults in
China are unearthing hidden debt at
companies across the country and this
this is what is often overlooked in most
media and I'm glad that Bloomberg has it
here but of course you'll never see that
on the front page news and you will
never see that even brought into the
alternative news most of the time small
firms that can't get loans by themselves
have been winning Banks over by getting
other companies to guarantee their
borrowings the companies make those
pledges exclude them from their balance
sheets I love that so of course
you know you try to do this and it's
illegal leaving creditors in the
dark borrowers often extend their
guarantees for each other raising the
risk that failures could Ricochet at a
time when increasing borrowing costs
have already added to the strains why is
this allowed to go on that's what
I I can't help but find it funny now
they say it here China's banking
regulator later ordered checks of such C
guaranteeing
loans and it will definitely uh continue
on there and they're just giving you
examples of it look the government knows
these things are going on look at what's
happening for example in Canada right
now where you have these liar loans that
are pushing the market up you look at
what happened during the housing crisis
prior to the sub housing crisis in the
US they overlooked all of this data
intentionally because they said look if
we just don't say anything maybe this
will just continue to rise it'll work
itself out in the long run it doesn't
work like that of course you and I know
that but we are the ones who have to be
there to essentially feel the worst of
it all that's what concerns me people
think you know what forget it I don't
care if they want to make money off it
sure I'll just I'll ride the wave it
doesn't work like that you and I are the
ones that always seem to get the short
end of the stick at least historically
that is look at this around two dozen
mainly small listed Chinese companies
have taken the unusual step of urging
their employees to buy shares in a bid
to this is not my words prop up stock
prices and help fend off the collateral
calls on stock back loans and in fact I
believe that stocks had risen after this
report was put out can you believe that
okay we're doing terribly do you mind
filling in the void and giving us
money that's the kind of thing that we
see all the time buy our stocks we can't
afford to right now but it's going to
pay off for you later down the road just
hang in there don't sell don't sell and
this is the kind of thing that nobody is
looking at or they're choosing to ignore
it in many cases workers are stepping up
attracted in part by by guarantees that
their principle is safe oh I'm sure it
is I can't believe that somebody would
do that look if you want to invest in it
that's fine but to be told that your
money is safe that's usually the first
sign that it's not
safe all
right the shenzen stock exchange where
all but one of the companies are listed
has taken notice and has issued
guidelines requiring companies to
provide details on their guarantee plans
they are ultimately going to have to be
able to front that money or basically
give back that money and I'm not sure if
the stock market declines if they're
going to be able to do that so people
again unfortunately they're just I hope
they're not getting suckered in but it
seems to be the way it is and usually
China's this is old news but I wanted to
show you this for a reason China's
Central Bank has emerged as a ke key
player in the nation's stock market
rescue and what they talk about here in
this article I'm sure I covered it
previously at least more than once
anyway that China just like other
central banks have been engaging in
monetary easing and they have
been not only doing their form of
quantitative easing they have been
engaging in buying shares of the market
what more dangerous
way to prop up your stock market to prop
up your economy or so you
think then to buy shares having the
Central Bank buy shares what a foolish
concept if the stock market needs to
decline the central planners should back
away allow it to happen and then watch
the recovery
process it's a natural cleansing process
that's supposed to occur so that the
sickness goes away and bringing in the
new it's like springtime okay but that's
not allowed to happen because the
central planners are there you know it
was Nasim TB who said if it was up to
the central planners there would only be
one season with the weather so that they
can predict exactly what would happen
later down the road well that is
something I completely agree with and
that's the insanity of it
all so China's just one of many central
banks have bought $1.5 trillion in
assets hold on wait how far away how
long ago was that well year to
date year to date 2017 we're halfway
through the year and already
accumulating a total of $ 1.5 trillion
in assets but you told
me so many people in the comments you
told me every everything was okay that's
what I was told everything is just fine
yet had a $1.5 trillion in assets needs
to be purchased no no no everything's
being covered up right now and many
people believe that they don't care they
understand the central banks are
propping up the market and it's a simple
matter of fact is riding the wave and
you may be watching your assets
appreciate and I think that's a great
thing I I think we all need to be able
to accumulate wealth and then of course
do something with that you know having
shares
in JP Morgan isn't exactly going to do
you any good unless it's paying you some
sort of dividend or or what have you but
you're simply
funding the
technocrats and I don't agree with that
but that's up to you but you need to get
something that ultimately will pay you
passively you need to get that passive
income that's important so if you're
trying to ride the wave here I think
that everybody would need to be very pay
very very close attention to what is
underlying all of this and then just to
finish this off we're looking right here
it might be really hard to see with a
small font all of these
companies are right now having some very
difficult Financial issues is going
bankrupt and they are restructuring debt
and you're looking at fairly big
companies in fact if I could just uh go
through here 99 Cents Only store which I
found was interesting you're looking at
J crew and 9 West and Sears and it goes
on there are many here and they try to
restructure the debt and what I find
very interesting is that number one it
always gets worse as time goes on and if
this look at the example out of Europe
you see that ultimately the taxpayers
are the ones who have to pay the bills
and that's something that I worry about
all the time look the economy is not
doing well okay the stock market is
doing well but we know the stock market
is doing well because the central banks
have been buying up shares then they
engage in stock Buybacks in the case of
china they make their company workers
buy up the shares of the stocks to me me
this is not a good economy I don't care
what anybody says look at the poverty
walk along the streets and tell me if
you haven't seen more homeless people on
your streets than they were there 5
years ago 10 years ago I think it's an
epidemic personally how much uh
suffering is going on right now you will
ultimately see that in the tent cities
that have appeared you see that with
people that are actually poor but
because of the way that the calculations
are and everything else they don't end
up below the poverty line they don't
actually qualify
for you know some sort of social
assistance but technically they can't
actually make ends meet that's what
we're living in today that's the truth
and I'm glad that you stuck around to
hear me ranting and raving if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these videos higher up in the
YouTube search ranking so I appreciate
that very much and last but not least if
you found this video informative I know
you will find my books the money GPS in
my new release global economic collaps
even even more informative the first
book is about the four asset classes and
how to profit from it I get into China
as well in that book in the new book it
takes on familiar Concepts but I get
into other things like becoming self
sufficient in what I call the money GPS
strategy so you can look through the
books at Amazon the link is in the
description you can also check out the
audio book I have on my website the
money gps.com
and if you're still here check this out
my new t-shirt I think I'm going to
tweak it a little bit but this is
basically how it'll be it's a rough copy
right now don't steal the government
hates competition I love this t-shirt I
think it is very simple but it sends a
very good point and it'll definitely
start a few
conversations with a few people who are
let's just say soldiers or loyal to
their government so that should be an
interesting shirt to wear around I'll
let you know when that is available uh
if you're interested in the t-shirts
they are in the description here you
could see that it's uh it's the from
Amazon I'll put a link in the
description take care